masterip=192.168.87.205
pi1=192.168.87.170  
pi2=192.168.87.179
pi3=192.168.87.151
logfile=replica_k3strategyB100MB


// TODO
logfile=replica_k2strategyA1KB       // done
logfile=replica_k2strategyA10KB      // done
logfile=replica_k2strategyA100KB     // done
logfile=replica_k2strategyA10MB      // done
logfile=replica_k2strategyA100MB     // done

logfile=replica_k2strategyB1KB       // done 
logfile=replica_k2strategyB10KB      // done
logfile=replica_k2strategyB100KB     // done
logfile=replica_k2strategyB10MB      // done
logfile=replica_k2strategyB100MB     // done

logfile=replica_k3strategyA1KB       // done
logfile=replica_k3strategyA10KB      // done
logfile=replica_k3strategyA100KB     // done
logfile=replica_k3strategyA10MB      // done
logfile=replica_k3strategyA100M      // done

logfile=replica_k3strategyB1KB       // done
logfile=replica_k3strategyB10KB      // done
logfile=replica_k3strategyB100KB     // done
logfile=replica_k3strategyB10MB      // done
logfile=replica_k3strategyB100MB     -- missing


logfile=retrieve_1KB                 -- missing
logfile=retrieve_10KB                -- missing
logfile=retrieve_100KB               -- missing
logfile=retrieve_10MB                -- missing
logfile=retrieve_100MB               -- missing



